I am a genius scientist
It is my 3 days to study Narita fare alone every day I felt loneliness in such a life
If so
It would make friends with my science force
7 minutes
From that day
Days of the experiment
Hmm
And just finished
Of the same secret character as me
Say gaps man
A friend
By
Safely entered
My second brother is a cold weather
I gap man both win you from this
I felt a message
However
The expectation was shattered
There is
I started doing so
Hmm
Pull out failed
But I have no time to say
I have no choice but to dye him
Weer
Minutes
I think that there is no effect at all
If you leave this as it is, you will take a gap on you
But only one flight
Laden with heart avoided Mr.
Now press early Someda
Early ha ha ha
Yup
It is two kinds recently , and it seems that a white monster is rampaging
The monster is called the floor yesterday and sightings are being sent from around the world , especially in Asia
New Moe for future measures
How is it to see?
Even if you are a niche man
I do not know